Secretary Yuan
Why did Miss Shen suddenly change her mind?
Let me be his partner
It must be Ke Shao
You forgot that Ke Shao said that he told Shen Jiaheng
He must have set us up
Thanks to Ke Shao
Only I have to thank him a lot
Miss we don't understand
Why do you want to hook it up because
Tall people are not bad
Help him if anything happens
Miss, what exactly is this Xu Wenjie learning?
It's worth obeying him.
Although I am now
I don't know what kind of language he is
But I believe he is the dragon among men
By the way, go check it for me.
Has anyone bought smokeless incense recently?
What a pity last time.
Shen Tingting, this girl is too caring to laugh
It ran away before it had a seizure
Solemn, don't worry.
He can't solve the dragon rock box this time.
If you don't want to die
Can only come to you
Then you can do whatever you want
I went to great lengths to give Shen Wan three phases
Just wait for him to die
I can control the entire nerve
I didn't expect a remnant of the Xu family to appear
Bad for me
He also abolished the Li Tianbao I supported
Master Guo will kill this trash
Yes, I will send two chief teachers here.